[LINA]
Is that really true, Silvie?
It is.
I've received orders from
the General Staff Office
that I must return home.
[LINA]
But, why?! I don't get it...
It's because I failed.
I wasn't able to fulfill my rear
support role on this mission.
I'm sorry, Commander.
Forgive me.
Silvie, please. I'd prefer
if you didn't call me that.
It's so stiff.
Just keep calling me Lina,
like you have been.
[SILVIA]
All right... Lina.
It hurts me deeply to
have to go back home
and leave you here, knowing
your oversleeping habits.
That's a little too informal!
Besides, the only day I slept in
was the day before yesterday!
Are you done, yet?
Or is there any more?
Colonel! Yes!
[BALANCE] Major Sirius,
the mission assigned to you
has since been deemed
unsuitable, given your duty.
Not to mention your skills.
And it is my belief that
failing in your mission
still doesn't warrant the
onus being placed upon you.
Regardless of whose
charge it's in, though,
the fact that a designated
Stars commander
was recently and soundly
beaten in magical combat
is rather concerning.
Because "Sirius" should
be our military's
most powerful magician.
[LINA grunts]
And I can say with
utter certainty
you will want a chance
to vindicate yourself.
I'm right, aren't I, Major?
Yes, Colonel! You are!
Then resume your
current mission, Major Sirius.
I will accordingly raise
our on‐site support
to the highest level.
[LINA]
Hm.
Now, show me the true
power of "Sirius," yes?
I won't let you down!
♪
[TATSUYA]
Okay, concentrate.
A means of directly
attacking a parasite...
...drifting through
a sea of information.
[MIYUKI grunts]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[MIYUKI gasps]
Not surprising that even
you'd have trouble with this.
[MIYUKI]
On the other hand,
it doesn't appear to me
you have absolutely no
compatibility with it, either,
since you learned how
to fire a farstrike
in the true world in three days.
In your case, you always
know where you're supposed
to aim and never
stray from that instinct,
so I'd think putting together
a different method
instead of the farstrike
would be smart.
You flatter me.
But you should already know
I can't randomly develop
new spells like that, Master.
Is that so?
Well, you may be lacking
in certain fields,
but I truly think that your
talent for spell enhancement
and development
is extraordinary.
Yeah, what he said, Brother!
You make ideas a reality.
And they're always
amazing ideas!
Ones no one could ever think of,
even of if they wanted to!
Couldn't you continue
your first plan of using
Program Demolition
to directly attack,
while at the same time,
you move forward with
new spell development?
I think that might
work pretty well!
Good idea.
Then I'll try doing
exactly that.
[NEWSCASTER A] ...the National
Particle Accelerator Institute
and forced the
scientists to do a test
to generate a micro black hole,
ignoring their warnings.
At the time, a hole opened
in the dimensional wall,
and it called forth a demon
from another dimension.
The magicians tried to counter
Japan's secret weapon
by using the demon.
That's the thing Shizuku told
us about, it has to be.
Yeah, but it's been
sensationalized quite a bit.
[NEWSCASTER A] What lies
at the heart of this scandal,
is the military's failure to
entirely regulate magicians.
Magic is power, but nobody knows
when supernatural abilities
will go wildly out of control.
Is using it truly within
our national interests?
Perhaps it's time to seriously
rethink our stance on the issue,
before it's too late.
They've really done their
best to sugarcoat it, but...
But what? You mean...
[TATSUYA] Yes, a magician
purge is their real goal.
[gasps]
[TATSUYA] Did you see
the news this morning?
I did. I wish I hadn't.
How much of it is actually true?
All of the vital points
are downright lies!
The only facts they give
are surface level!
So they're swaying
the public, then.
But all that information
should've been treated
as confidential.
You'd think it'd be harder
for outsiders to find out.
It's probably the Seven Sages.
Keep talking.
[LINA] They're a
mysterious fringe group,
and that's what
they call themselves.
We don't know who
they are, though.
Wait, you're saying that
you don't even know?
Is that possible?
They're a USNA‐based
organization, aren't they?
Look, it's frustrating
enough, okay?
All we know about
them is their name,
and only because
they told us.
No matter how much we dig,
we still come up empty.
The only other thing we know is
they call their officers Sages.
And of course, that there
are seven of them,
like the name says.
[TATSUYA]
Sages... How on the nose.
What do you want from me?
It's not like I named them!
Calm down, Lina. Don't get
mad at my brother for it.
[LINA gasps]
[TATSUYA]
These Seven Sages...
Is it possible they're linked
to the humanist movement?
I can't definitively
negate that,
but if I had to guess,
probably not.
According to our profilers,
their mentality is impulsive
and they commit crimes
for nothing but the
thrill of doing so.
I see.
Last question, if you
don't mind my asking you.
Yeah, what?
Their drawing the
parasite into this world.
Was that on purpose?
No.
If you were serious
about that, I'd be mad.
I've already passed judgment
on four of the infected ones.
If you're implying this
is part of a scheme,
I could never forgive them.
[FUJIBAYASHI]
By numerous means, we, as well,
have attempted to investigate
the Seven Sages.
But unfortunately, we found
no evidence of note.
Oddly, since that time,
there's been no active
manipulation of
public opinion, either.
We'll continue investigating
on our side, too.
If you come across
any clues, contact me.
Roger that, Ma'am.
[TATSUYA] We appreciate
you coming out here today.
Oh, wait...
Here. How about some early
friendly chocolate?
The required kind?
Are you unhappy?
[MIYUKI grunts]
No, I'm not.
[FUJIBAYASHI giggles]
Have a goodnight!
[TATSUYA] I just realized,
I haven't seen Honoka.
She went home
early today, remember?
Oh, right. To get ready
for tomorrow, huh?
Yes, I've no doubt that's it.
[HONOKA]
Hm!
She's definitely a go‐getter,
so she gives everything her all.
Wait. Are you happy, Brother?
Oh, it's not really that.
I guess just feel bad.
[MIYUKI gasps]
I can reciprocate gifts,
but I can't return
what really matters.
Please stop.
You don't have to keep worrying
about stuff like that.
Both Honoka and I...
...want only for you
to be truly happy,
from the bottom of our hearts.
Really?
[MIYUKI]
Yes.
And all you need to do
is just accept that.
No comment necessary.
[LINA]
'Scuse me...
I don't want to be a drag or a
third wheel here, but...
...essentially, Honoka was
looking a bit unwell because
she was worried about giving
you chocolate tomorrow, right?
Ah, so you noticed!
Good eye, Lina.
I had always thought Valentine's
chocolate‐giving
was a custom exclusive to Japan.
[LINA]
No, not at all.
But giving chocolates on
that day is a famous part
of Japanese culture.
Is that so?
Who will you give
your chocolates to?
[LINA] Even you're asking
me that, Miyuki?
I hadn't planned on giving
chocolate to anyone.
Not even the "friend" one?
[LINA] If I had to choose who
to give individual gifts to,
it would only lead to
all sorts of problems.
[MIYUKI] That's too bad.
Being so popular must be hard.
[LINA grunts]
Well you know, you're amazingly
popular yourself, Miyuki.
Who gets your chocolate?
Will Tatsuya get the real thing?
What exactly are
you saying, Lina?
Brother and I are
just siblings, nothing more.
It would be strange
for me, as his sister,
to give him
homemade chocolates.
Oh, uh...
[MAYUMI hums]
[IZUMI, KASUMI gasp]
This is weird, Izumi.
I have no idea what she's doing.
What do you think?
Well, it looks like she's
making chocolates,
but there's something
a little off to me...
Hey, Kasumi...
About the chocolate that
sis is using to bake...
[KASUMI]
Oh, yeah, wow!
It's the 95 percent cocoa,
zero percent sugar kind.
[KASUMI]
And that bag...
[IZUMI]
It says... espresso powder.
[MAYUMI giggles]
[KASUMI]
That's not normal.
I wonder if something
bad happened to her.
[MAYUMI continues giggling]
[HONOKA pants]
[HONOKA]
Hey, Tatsuya! Good morning!
Good morning, Honoka.
[MIYUKI]
Good morning.
And Good morning, Miyuki.
[whimpers]
[HONOKA gasps]
Um, Tatsuya, could I...?
Could I...
...maybe have a moment of
your time, if that's okay?!
Of course.
I think I'll go on ahead.
I'll just see you in class when
you get there, alright, Brother?
Now's your chance. Good luck!
[HONOKA gasps]
[gasps]
Um, for you!
[HONOKA] ...for you...
for you... for you...
[gasps]
Wow, Honoka. Thank you.
Oh, Tatsuya! What's this?
[TATSUYA]
A little something in return.
It's independent of next month,
so you can expect
something then, too.
[HONOKA] I, um...
Is this...? No, I can't...
Oh, my... uh, Tatsuya,
may I open it, or...?
Yes, of course.
[gasps]
[HONOKA gasps] Thank you!
They're just beautiful!
I'm going to treasure
them forever!
[LEO]
Yo, Tatsuya!
Heh!
The day just got started,
but you look pretty beat.
And you seem like
a brand new man,
even though you just
got out of the hospital.
Of course!
Morning. Back to your old
self again, huh, Leo?
This is your first
official day back?
Glad to see you recovered
faster than we thought.
Sure did! Thanks for coming to
visit me so often, by the way.
[MIZUKI]
Valentine's Day chocolate.
I got one for each of you!
Oh, thanks!
Very much appreciated.
How nice of you...
[ERIKA] I heard you got out
of the hospital early, Leo.
Was it so you could
get chocolate?
No, of course it wasn't!
Guess I hit the
nail on the head!
[LEO growls]
Morning, Erika.
You're a little late today.
Good Morning, Tatsuya.
February 14th is an
awful day every year.
And it's because we've got so
many men around in our dojo.
That does seem like
a lot of work.
[ERIKA] It totally is!
And it's so annoying.
We can strike this holiday from
the calendar for all I care.
Miki, you must have it good.
[gasps]
Your students. A lot of them
are girls, aren't they?
You must get your pick of
the litter every year.
Wait, Yoshida... is that true?
No, it's not true at all!
Besides, if I were
that flip and frivolous,
I could never get any
real training done!
You're not getting
away with that, Miki.
So, tell me, just what
about our dojo are you
trying to say is frivolous?
Uh... I didn't mean
"frivolous" exactly...
[ERIKA]
Then, what did you mean?!
Uh...
[LEO chuckles]
[EIMI]
Oh, look! There he is!
Subaru, over here!
Hey, Shiba! Wait!
[SUBARU]
Hey, Eimi, don't run!
Would you please
accept this gift?
Satomi. This is a
bit dramatic, even for you.
What is this?
This, uh, yes‐‐right.
It's a gesture of gratitude.
[EIMI giggles]
From freshman girls...
at Nine School.
[EIMI] Actually, from everybody
on the team,
except for Miyuki and Honoka.
[SUBARU] They most likely wish
to give you gifts personally.
If we stepped out of line,
they'd probably get mad.
Well, thank you.
[SUBARU] It doesn't
totally replace them,
but this includes
Shizuku's part as well.
Make sure you call or text her
later to say you received it.
[EIMI]
Bye!
[gasps]
[HATTORI groans]
Oh, Tatsuya.
You're on patrol?
Yes...
[MAYUMI]
By the way, Tatsuya.
Now that you're here, do you
have a brief moment to chat?
[TATSUYA]
That's fine, but first...
I need... water...
[HATTORI grunts]
[grunts]
Shiba, I appreciate it.
Pres‐‐or rather, Miss Saegusa.
I'll be taking my leave now.
[HATTORI grunts]
Tell me, Saegusa, what on
Earth just happened to Hattori?
[MAYUMI]
Never mind him.
Here!
[TATSUYA]
Is it... Is it coffee?
No, don't be silly.
It's chocolate.
[TATSUYA]
Well... thank you.
[MAYUMI]
Come on. Won't you try some?
[TATSUYA]
Right now, you mean?
Yep! I'd like to know
what you think of them.
[sighs]
In that case, I have something
I'd like to talk to you about.
Could we go somewhere else?
Oh, so you want privacy?
[TATSUYA]
Yes.
Come with me, then.
[MAYUMI] Let me guess, you want
to discuss the parasite?
[TATSUYA]
Yes.
It hasn't really been mentioned
by the media lately.
Does that mean the
damage was mitigated?
It seems to be that way
on the surface, yes.
But, the number of missing
persons this year
is quite high compared
to past ones,
So it seems like the
criminals are getting better
at kidnapping people.
Maybe our taking one down...
...has put them more
on their guard.
[TATSUYA]
I would imagine.
It could also be that
they possess a kind of
co‐perception between them.
Co... per... ception?
[TATSUYA] It's a shortened form
of common sensual perception.
A type of ESP identical
twins often share.
[MAYUMI] In other words,
if one sees or hears something,
the entire group is actually
privy to the experience?
Yes, but it's just
speculation for now.
I hate having so little
insight about this.
Many situations are
riddled with holes,
unknowns and variables.
[MAYUMI]
Hm...
[TATSUYA]
What's the matter?
[MAYUMI] I'm a little concerned
by the fact that I had no clue
what the phrase "common
sensual perception" meant.
Oh, no! That won't be on
the entrance exams, will it?
Well, actually... ESP is treated
as a separate academic field
from the magic sciences,
so I doubt it.
[MAYUMI]
That about does it for me.
I guess I'll be on my way, then.
[TATSUYA gasps]
[MAYUMI giggles]
[sighs]
[groans]
[giggles]
[giggling continues]
[gasps]
[TATSUYA grunts]
Good, right?
[MAYUMI giggles]
[coughs]
That's new, Brother. You okay?
Eh. Don't worry,
it's no big deal.
I can carry your bag for you.
No.
Don't argue. Come on,
just give it to me.
[TATSUYA]
Alright, fine.
[gasps]
What's wrong?
Oh! Nothing.
Don't worry about it.
Okay...
[grunts]
What is it, Brother?
Do you see something there?
[TATSUYA]
No.
Hm!
Huh?
[BALANCE]
What's wrong?
Well, Colonel.
I believe our surveillance
may have been marked.
What? No, that's ridiculous.
It's low‐orbit, but it's an
observation satellite monitor.
[OPERATOR A] But ma'am, I know
I saw Tatsuya Shiba's eyes
look directly to here
from inside the monitor.
Fine, then. Rewind video back
three minutes, and replay.
[OPERATOR A]
Right there!
[BALANCE]
You're overthinking it.
It's better than letting
your mind wander,
but being too cautious often
leads to false judgment.
[OPERATOR A]
Yes, ma'am.
[MIYUKI] Hey, Brother,
come sit down. Dinner's ready.
[TATSUYA]
Chocolate sauce...
...and chocolate fondue.
That's how she did it?
[MIYUKI] Please, feel free
to just dig in and enjoy!
I worked really hard to make
this Valentine's chocolate,
and I made it especially
for you, Brother.
[giggles]
Your face is a bit flushed.
Oh! Why, I wonder?
[MIYUKI sighs]
[MIYUKI gasps]
[TATSUYA] Perhaps not enough
brandy burned off the fondue.
Go rest for a bit on the sofa.
I'll clear the table for you.
[MIYUKI gasps]
Okay...
[MIYUKI] After all that, I still
messed it up at the end...
[exhales]
[MIYUKI]
Why?
It's so unfair. Why did I
have to be born his sister?
[gasps]
♪
[LINA] There was no reason
for me to lie about it...
It's only "friend" chocolate.
And yet, I still couldn't
give it to him.
I mean, it was almost
as though I...
‐‐[elevator beeps]
‐‐[gasps]
[LINA]
What is my problem?!
Me, in love with that sarcastic,
sister‐obsessed philanderer?
No way!
[gasps]
[BALANCE]
Welcome home, Major Sirius.
Huh?
Colonel! It's you!